#summary cdmaworkshoptool wiki.

Here you will find some wiki documentation about cdmaDevTerm and cwTool.


= cdmaDevTerm =

|| current version || v.2 ||
|| status || beta ||

*Community content*

HTC SPC/MSL by mrrobertdeanjohnson

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SciiIJjwRu4"/>

LG Optimus V by mrrobertdeanjohnson

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_bSUGSnkak"/>

Samsung Rant by pugetsoundelectronic

<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcsWBxl7I0s"/>

LG Optimus G SPC by Drancid(xda-developers)- http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2032431 

*Guides*

http://www.chromableedstudios.com/techninjutsu/howtowritemdnminwithcdmadevterm


*FAQ*

  * What is cdmaDevLib vs cdmaDevTerm? cdmaDevLib is a library which enables the functions in cdmaDevTerm

  * Could I please have the source code to cdmaDevTerm? of course, it is GPL v3 software. Click the source tab, and checkout from svn(I use tortoiseSvn personally)

  * Why is the code so bad? lots of reasons. But it _is_ free, open and improving slowly.

  * How can I help make cdmaDevTerm better? Many ways: report bugs, submit patches, make community content, write a walk-through, suggest features or changes

  * Why is cdmaDevTerm free? I like making free software. I use alot of free software. Although free(as in speech and beer): Please respect copyright and GPLv3, without which software like this would not be possible. 

  * What features are experimental? If checked out from source and built with the debug flag set there are some features like efs which are _highly_ experimental and are really only recommended to use if you'd like to help develop these features. (if you would like a general purpose cdma program which does read efs check out bitpim or revskills)
  
  * What features are NOT going to happen? iPhone is probably not going to happen,(unless someone wants to submit the code) sorry.   
  
  * Can I donate to cdmaDevTerm? For now at least there is no way to donate directly to support development effort, however, if you would like to show support: please donate to charity
  
  
*DEV FAQ*

  * What is the current branch of development? cdmaDevTermWPF
  
  * How do I get started?
      * Download tortoiseSvn: tortoisesvn.net/
      * Download visual studio 2012 express http://www.microsoft.com/visualstudio/eng/products/visual-studio-express-for-windows-desktop
      * Create a folder where you want to keep code
      * Right click on that folder and say SVN Checkout using this address: http://cdmaworkshoptool.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/cdmaDevTermWPF
      
  * How do I create a patch? right click on the changed file and say create a patch(tortoise svn, google for other svn clients)
  
  * Do I assign copyright to the project when I submit a patch to cdmaDevTerm? Short answer: Yes. Long answer: Yes, we require copyright be assigned to the project when you submit code, but as cdmaDevTerm is GPLv3 you of course have access to that code and are welcome to modify as gpl v3 permits.

